Add Treafik HTTP/3 Support (#3965)
nextcloud/all-in-one: reverse-proxy.md

    # STATIC CONFIGURATION
   
    entryPoints:
      https:
        address: ":443" # Create an entrypoint called "https" that uses port 443
        # If you want to enable HTTP/3 support, see below
        http3: {}
    
    certificatesResolvers:
      # Define "letsencrypt" certificate resolver
      letsencrypt:
        acme:
          storage: /letsencrypt/acme.json # Defines the path where certificates should be stored
          email: <your-email-address> # Where LE sends notification about certificates expiring
          tlschallenge: true
   
    providers:
      file:
        directory: "/path/to/dynamic/conf" # Adjust the path according your needs.
        watch: true

    # Enable HTTP/3 feature, don`t forget to route 443 UDP to Traefik (Firewall\NAT\Traefik Container)`
    experimental:
      http3: true
    ```

1. Declare the router, service and middlewares for Nextcloud in `/path/to/dynamic/conf/nextcloud.yml`:

    ```yml
    http:
      routers:
        nextcloud:

>           rule: "Host(`<your-nextcloud-domain>`)"

Reviewer: Can you replace it with `<your-nc-domain>`?

    # STATIC CONFIGURATION
   
    entryPoints:
      https:
        address: ":443" # Create an entrypoint called "https" that uses port 443

>         # If you want to enable HTTP/3 support, see below
>         http3: {}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        # If you want to enable HTTP/3 support, uncomment the line below
        # http3: {}
```

    
    certificatesResolvers:
      # Define "letsencrypt" certificate resolver
      letsencrypt:
        acme:
          storage: /letsencrypt/acme.json # Defines the path where certificates should be stored
          email: <your-email-address> # Where LE sends notification about certificates expiring
          tlschallenge: true
   
    providers:
      file:
        directory: "/path/to/dynamic/conf" # Adjust the path according your needs.
        watch: true

>     # Enable HTTP/3 feature, don`t forget to route 443 UDP to Traefik (Firewall\NAT\Traefik Container)`
>     experimental:
>       http3: true

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    # Enable HTTP/3 feature, don`t forget to route 443 UDP to Traefik (Firewall\NAT\Traefik Container) by uncommenting the lines below`
    # experimental:
      # http3: true
```

>     # Enable HTTP/3 feature, don`t forget to route 443 UDP to Traefik (Firewall\NAT\Traefik Container) by uncommenting the lines below`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    # Enable HTTP/3 feature by uncommenting the lines below. Don't forget to route 443 UDP to Traefik (Firewall\NAT\Traefik Container)
```

    # Enable HTTP/3 feature, don`t forget to route 443 UDP to Traefik (Firewall\NAT\Traefik Container)`
    experimental:
      http3: true
    ```

1. Declare the router, service and middlewares for Nextcloud in `/path/to/dynamic/conf/nextcloud.yml`:

    ```yml
    http:
      routers:
        nextcloud:
          rule: "Host(`<your-nc-domain>`)"
          entrypoints:
            - "https"
          service: nextcloud
          middlewares:
            - nextcloud-chain
          tls:
            certresolver: "letsencrypt"

      services:
        nextcloud:
          loadBalancer:
            servers:
              - url: "http://localhost:11000" # Use the host's IP address if Traefik runs outside the host network

      middlewares:
        nextcloud-secure-headers:
          headers:
            hostsProxyHeaders:
              - "X-Forwarded-Host"
            referrerPolicy: "same-origin"

        https-redirect:
          redirectscheme:
            scheme: https 

        nextcloud-chain:
          chain:
            middlewares:
              # - ... (e.g. rate limiting middleware)
              - https-redirect
              - nextcloud-secure-headers

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
